Yes very much Welcome to Hello Author 3 channel pre-card videos
In this video, we will look at the bracard in detail using the Prechen mirror and Nakayoshi Shibon
I think
And this time we introduce pre-card of Cure Princess
Yes this belonged to the Cure Princess's Precard 1 Dark Split mirror
It is a thing
The pattern of the card is first huge card is ThatLookLikeThis
And tops of par Don'
And it is bottoms of the card
It is such a feeling overlaid eh
So, first of all , use the Nakayoshi Bonn to create fashionable advice modes and cards
I will check the voice in the mode
Oh cute
In addition, we play
Standing
Ah ah ah ah
A floating natural
Aka
Ah ah ah ah
Waving akhan gel ah
I had Sir
Also it increased bag over
ran
A little days
Ha ha ha ha ha
It takes
Card Hang in there waited A'
Akira
Hey warm or easy da da
Ok mother the staff
There is more papavera bat
Then let's confirm the voice with the pre-change mirror using the pre-card that was born
And now ribbon and also good friends in passing
Well then
ana
Oh oh oh
Ha ha ha
Yeah yeah yeah
So this time was the introduction of the Cure Princess pre-card
This is also a precard that is probably the most used in the play as well as lovely
I want to keep it important from now on Next time I will introduce a cherry flamenco precard
I will
I will put a link when it goes up, so click this image for pc
If you have a smartphone, please use the explanatory note link below